One of the greatest things about working at Think Through Math is that the entire company is focused on helping students learn math. Each team may contribute differently to that shared goal, but it is what unites us as a group. The Product Engineering and Operations team has several internal values that reflect this corporate focus:

1.) Everyone is a teacher, and everyone is a learner. Literally half of the company is made up of current or former certified teachers, but even for those of us who aren’t certified, teaching and learning are core values. Our staff come from diverse backgrounds - teachers, publishers, designers, developers, but we all share an interest in teaching and learning (and math of course!). From this value, we get pair programming and peer code review as practices. We also get involved with the larger community (local and online), since we realize that the answers we seek are not always held by the people we work with directly.

2.) Continuous Improvement. We follow many Agile processes; we do a daily standup (and some sub-teams do their own separate standup), we organize our work in to iterations while shipping features when they’re ready, and hold iteration demos. But these are just actions. As a team, the thing we care most about is continuously improving everything we do: git workflow, deployment, operations support, etc. Our git structure reflects our principle of continuous improvement. We have two primary branches for our projects: master (which reflects what’s in production) and rc (release candidate).

3.) Giving back. We rely heavily on open source software and platforms. It would be irresponsible of us to not try to find opportunities to contribute back to that community through code, knowledge sharing (including this blog), responding to Stack Overflow questions, participating in local meetups, and so forth. In many ways, this goes hand-in-hand with our focus on teaching and learning. In addition to corporate goals, every member of the team is expected to contribute to at least one open source project every year and to give two presentations on topics in their area of expertise at national/international conferences, regional meetups, or even company lunch-and-learns.

## Annual Goals
Each member of the team, regardless of role, shares responsibility for helping the company meet its goals, which may vary year to year (and are this not reflected specifically here) but generally involve expanding the number of students we serve and how much they grow in math ability, through sales targets, implementation targets, and usage targets. Each of us may have individual goals developed in conversations with our manager as well.

Our team goals however, reflect our values. Our 'HR year' runs from July to June to match the school year. Each year every member of the team is expected to meet the following goals:
* Contribute knowledge back to the team, the community, or the world on an area of their expertise. This can be as simple as volunteering to create and deliver a lunch & learn to the team, or write a [blog post](http://devblog.thinkthroughmath.com), or as involved as submitting a proposal to speak at a conference.
* Contribute to an open-source repo. This can be as simple as helping with documentation or adding tests. We get a tremendous amount of value from open source so it's incumbent upon us to give back.
* Do a deploy of code to production. This process helps us all remain close to the operations side of our work. These days deployments are [super easy](https://github.com/thinkthroughmath/meta/blob/master/operations/mathbot-jenkins-deployments.md) so there's no excuse not to be comfortable with the process.
